Today video is considered an essential part
of communications by most organizations, and
while there are many delivery options available,
like YouTube or webinar platforms, they often
fall short of providing the full solution.
You're counting on video to provide an effective
message but find your platform is too complex,
has limited interactivity, no built-in resources,
and suffers from video bandwidth issues. Today
users high expectations for online content
requires cost-effective solutions that are
flexible and easy to use. Our cloud applications
solve these problems. Combining the video with
synchronized and embedded content played through
customized multimedia channels gives you a
true interactive experience. Oh, and it eliminates
those buffering issues regardless of bandwidth.
Now take a look to my left. The first thing
you'll notice that while we provide video
with synchronized slides we have added layers
and capabilities that totally expand the impact
of your content. Here's an example of an auxilary
media that opens as part of the show then
returns back to the primary video. Or it can
be opened by clicking on a hotspot. Go ahead,
pause the video and click on the learn more
button. We've included each of these components
for a reason. The changes in technology and
viewing habits show us that to keep an audience
and maximize attention you need to give them
an interactive experience. How many times have
you watched a video but had to go elsewhere
to get more details and information? Our platform
keeps the audience and users engaged gives
them the ability to explore all the resources
or media without ever leaving your program.
This dramatically increases the effectiveness
and viewers retention of your message or your
information. The corresponding slides, well
those are often the show stealer. In addition
to the information that follows along with
the video, the slides a launch pad for embedded
links of any type of supporting content, from
information on a website to details on your
product serve or message. For example, you can
include anything that can be linked from an
online source and of course specific information
from your organization. All of this information
is accessed to connect links we call hotspots.
Go ahead, click where it says learn more to
see how other information can be added to
your show or course. Want to engage your viewers
even more? Use that auxilary media as a response
tool for questions included in your content.
Another feature of this platform is its real-time
polling and feedback capability. That appears
in the bottom panel below this video and the
resource panel directly below the video allows
you to include any information you want to
be downloadable to the viewer. All of these
features, true multimedia, hotspots, interactive
questions, tracked questions, polls, they all
work together to make your show rise above
the noise increasing your viewing time and
your retention. So here's the bottom line, you
can simply and quickly provide your viewers
with the complete and engaging user experience
providing 100% video reach in one place without
them having to worry about bandwidth multiple
searches or go to other sites and it's all
right at your fingertips.